Back to our editor
then here let's uncomment this line and
then let's open the answers component.
Let's jump to methods
here
we need to make a little change to this fetch method.
Here instead of data
Next page url to this next url here
we are going to assign data meta next.
Alright
let's save all changes
back to our browser and reload.
Here we have the answers
but here we still have error.
It's occurred in accept component. So let's go back to
our editor then let's open answer resource dot php.
Here we can include the question instance like we did
before or because we only need the user id column
here I'll add
question
user id which will hold this question user underscore id.
Now we can open our policies.js
and here
let's change this to answer question
user id.
All right
let's save. Back to our browser and reload.
OK
now the error is gone.
Let me try adding new answer. OK it's still working.
Let me go back to all questions.
Here i'll create a new question.
As you can see that this question since it has no answer
we have this delete buttons appears.
Now let me show you one issue
if I add a new answer
you see this delete button is still in there.
We don't want that
instead we want this button to disappear
once it has one or more answers.
if we reload the page, it is gone.
Now
let me delete this
answer.
Hit yes the answer removed successfully.
But again here we have issue on delete
button. Once it has no answer
it still disappear.
Probably this is not a big deal. But for me that's not what I want.
So that's the first issue that we have here.
And then the next issue that I want to
show you is let me go to all questions.
And let me find a question which has some answers.
Here let me hit this. So here we have six answers
and if we hit the load answers. Ups the load answers
disappear.
Let me go to my editor
OK
It should be data links next.
reload
OK.
So the issue that I want to show you
is this load more answers button.
Firstly let me add new answer
hit submit
OK
Let me add another one
now if we hit this load more answers button
OK
here
we'll have duplicate answers.
So basically our new answers will get loaded when
we hit the button. And last issue that I want to show
you is this favorite button.
If we hit this it's look like nothing happened.
But if I open my browser console
here I get internal server error.
So that are three issues that we need to fix.